[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>LISA GARR: Have
you ever experienced
losing track of time?
What if you could
actually bend time?
Or maybe you already
have, like when
time seems to fly by
when you're having fun.
Hi, I'm Lisa Garr.
And joining me is
Maureen St. Germain,
known as the practical mystic
and the author of "Waking Up
in 5D."
Maureen is here to talk about
accessing the fifth dimension
to help guide us
in the transition
from the polarized mindset of
the third dimension to the joy
and the love of the fifth
dimensional vibrations.
Welcome.
Thank you for joining me.
>>MAUREEN ST. GERMAIN:
Thank you for having me.
It's a real pleasure.
>>LISA: So fifth
dimension-- what is it?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Well,
the short answer
is it's what all
of our traditions
will tell us is heaven.
So it's the place where
we have a good connection
with our divine creator.
It's the place where we
manifested perfection
in our thoughts
and in our minds.
We have great relationships.
So things are very smooth in
5D, and there's no polarity.
So there's no right and
wrong or good or bad.
So the metaphor for that
is taking a child out
to play in the mud
puddle and then
when it's over, to give them a
bath, and wash their clothes,
and everything is fine.
And nobody yells at
anybody, because--
>>LISA: That's exactly
what should happen, right?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Exactly.
And that's us.
So we've been playing in
a little bit too much mud.
>>LISA: That's the
third dimension?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Right.
>>LISA: And the
first and second.
So the fifth dimension is kind
of like heaven on Earth, right?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Yes.
I often use that as a phrase.
So the fifth dimension
as a location
is really a vibrational
data set, and it's nested.
The dimensions are nested
like Russian dolls.
So when you think about that,
then when you're in five,
you can fully
participate in three.
But when you are in three, even
though you know five is there,
or you might not
know five is there,
you don't necessarily
participate in it.
You don't understand that
you are impacting it.
And I'll give you an example.
Years ago, I was at a party
with a boyfriend at the time,
and it was his son's wedding.
And he said take a--
come.
Take a picture of
me and my buddies.
And the picture
was full of orbs.
And he handed his
camera back to me.
He said, quit fooling around
and take a real picture.
And so I brought the energy
down and took another picture,
and it was what he
was looking for.
So in 5D, your
vibration is high enough
that you can overflow and
impact the world around you.
>>LISA: Interesting.
Very interesting.
But yet, when we're
in 3D, that is
the space where mind
control can happen,
or we can really get under the
influence of messages, right?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Well,
most certainly.
But there are ways around that.
People who are
meditating regularly,
people would do the merkaba.
That field becomes impenetrable.
And that's when you
begin to notice.
Wait a minute.
What those guys just
said-- that's not right.
And so you have this
internal awareness,
even though you don't
necessarily know how you know.
So that's how it starts.
So the more you adapt
and choose 5D ways,
it's the old thing about
where the uniform of the job
you want, not the
job you have or--
>>LISA: That's a good idea.
Yes.
>>ST. GERMAIN: --in the theater.
Fake it till you make it.
So you consciously choose.
And that's some of
what the book is about,
to teach people these things
you may have been doing.
But what if you could
do them on purpose
and not just have them
happen randomly, you see?
>>LISA: Now, you have
an amazing amount
of work around the merkaba.
You call it the MerKaBa, right?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Same thing.
>>LISA: OK, tell us
how you got involved
with the merkaba, how you
were first introduced to it,
and what it is.
>>ST. GERMAIN: In my case, I
had seen this word somewhere,
probably when I was in my 30s.
And I had asked my spiritual
teacher at the time.
And she said, well, it's
a spaceship that you build
by yourself, for yourself.
And I was impressed
and forgot about it.
And then maybe 10 years
later, I saw a brochure
for the workshop.
And I thought, well,
that looks interesting.
Maybe I should take that.
And then I saw it
somewhere else.
And then I saw it in a
magazine that I read regularly.
And I remember saying to the
universe, all right, all right.
I'll sign up.
So that's how I got the message.
It hit me three times.
And I said, OK, I'm in.
>>LISA: So what is the merkaba?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Well, the
merkaba is a global word,
kind of like Kleenex.
People use it for
a lot of things.
People use it to
describe the shape.
But a true merkaba
is a living field.
And a true merkaba has actually
three star tetrahedrons,
which is what we typically
refer to as the merkaba.
So it has three star
tetrahedrons that are rotating.
One is stationary.
That represents
the physical body.
One is spinning to the left.
One is spinning to the right,
representing the mental body
and the emotional body.
And then they're kind of
like a car motor in the sense
that all these layers
start to integrate.
And that becomes the merkaba
with the codes you put into it.
>>LISA: So it's interesting,
because it's also
the symbol of Gaia.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Yeah.
And I appreciate your--
we put my little
device next to yours.
And it's like, oh,
wow, how cool is that?
[LAUGHTER]
>>LISA: Exactly.
So it's the-- others call
it the flower of life?
Is that--
>>ST. GERMAIN: No, the flower of
life is the name of the course
that people took to learn
the merkaba meditation.
Now, why are these
two interlaced?
It's because the
flower of life symbol,
which is that symbol of
the circle of circles,
produces all the
platonic solids.
And you can see them
layered in it in many ways.
So by connecting
the dots, let's say,
in the centers of
this shape, you
can see all of the
platonic solids, which
are the five basic shapes
that create everything.
And just to digress for a
second, a platonic solid--
we'll describe one of them.
A cube means that they all
have the same face, a square.
They all have the same
angle, the 90-degree turn.
And they all have the
ability that if you
put a stick or a skewer in
the middle of it and spun it,
it would produce a sphere.
So all of the platonic
solids carry those qualities.
And there are only five
shapes that can do that.
So once you realize that, then
you realize how much we have.
And that's our source
code for creation.
>>LISA: That's the source code
for how the pyramids were built
and--
>>ST. GERMAIN: Well--
>>LISA: --so many things.
>>ST. GERMAIN: --they
produce relationships.
And out of those relationships,
we draw a couple of metaphors.
So I like to explain that this
metaphor is this relationship
that we know between
a circle and a radius.
And everybody learned 3.14,
but they don't know necessarily
how it applies anymore.
And maybe they don't remember.
But it is the relationship
between the circle and its area
or the circle and
its circumference.
So we know that as long
as we know the radius,
we can do a lot of things.
In the same way, there
is another relationship.
That is what I call
source code or phi.
Not pi, but phi--
P-H-I. And that's where it
fits to the great pyramids,
the Parthenon, the relationship
between Mars, Mercury,
and the sun, and all of the
bones of the body, and the DNA.
>>LISA: You have a great
way of showing this.
You have these calipers that--
now, explain this.
This is how the body
was magically built.
>>ST. GERMAIN: It's true.
This particular device
is called a calipers.
And it is a way to
show relationship.
Now, remember, relationship
is always a fraction.
So when we think of the
relationship of a third,
that's easy.
We know it's 33 out of
100 or one fourth reduces.
So this kind of
a relationship is
one of the family of
irrational numbers like pi.
Pi always has more numbers.
No matter how far
out you go, you
can always add another number.
The same is true with
this relationship,
but the calipers adjust.
So as you get bigger or smaller,
you can see the relationship.
And it's so much more fun,
because it makes sense.
So if the small number is 1,
then the big number is 1.618.
So if you want to
hold up your hand or--
yeah, hold it up like this,
maybe, and I will show.
So for example, if we want
to measure the little finger
to the wrist, you can easily
see where these points land.
Now, if we go down
to your elbow,
and we put the
bottom at the elbow,
and we put the top at
your little finger again,
it shows where your wrist is.
>>LISA: Oh, interesting.
>>ST. GERMAIN: OK?
So it always shows where it is.
And that's quite amazing--
>>LISA: Interesting.
>>ST. GERMAIN: --and helps.
Now, on the face--
now, you want me to do
it on your face or mine?
>>LISA: Your face.
>>ST. GERMAIN: OK,
so we can mark.
From the third eye or
the middle of the brow
to the top of the head is 1.
And then this becomes 1.618.
And the way we do that--
>>LISA: Careful.
[LAUGHTER]
>>ST. GERMAIN: Yeah,
careful is right.
Then when we do
that, it's like this.
And then if we want to know
where the base of the nose is,
we can do this.
And we can see that again.
Now, it's interesting,
because not everybody
has a perfect face,
so not everyone is
going to have this proportion.
But if you take
a hundred people,
they're all going
to work out to that.
And by the way,
dentists use this,
architects use this, builders
use this, because they know.
And designers use this.
If you were to take
this calipers--
and I do this in every class--
to a design, like
a woman is wearing
a beautiful, colorful
top, we could
show where they've used phi.
And phi is the most pleasing
proportion to humans.
We identify with it, because
it is our source code.
And so when you start
to show people--
that's why builders
and designers
use this, because you're more
likely to buy that product.
>>LISA: Interesting.
So it's the perfect
ratio, essentially,
that we see naturally.
>>ST. GERMAIN: And it is
the only division of 1 that
is the same in both directions.
So if I do this, I can show
that my little finger is 1.
And to my wrist is 1.618.
But what if I made this
whole thing from here?
The bigger one,
the little one, OK?
And lock it in.
It should show the whole
length, and it does.
Isn't that amazing?
>>LISA: Oh, I see.
>>ST. GERMAIN: So you
can do it this way
and show the proportion
to the little finger.
And you can see the
little finger would be 1
and to the wrist is 1.618.
And then if you decide to
make the bigger number, which
is the 1.618, the 1--
>>LISA: To the middle.
>>ST. GERMAIN: OK?
I have to hold it tight,
so it doesn't move on me.
>>LISA: So it matches.
>>ST. GERMAIN: So this means--
>>LISA: Oh, it always matches.
>>ST. GERMAIN: --as
you look at a spiral,
it's the same going
out or going in.
So that is "perfection."
Now, humans have a
beginning and an end.
So we start with one.
But in the "world" of
geometry or ideals,
you could easily let this
go tinier and tinier.
>>LISA: So this is basically
what sacred geometry is?
>>ST. GERMAIN: This is
what sacred geometry is.
And one of the things
about sacred geometry--
what makes geometry different
from sacred geometry
is that we give meaning
and purpose to shapes
that we didn't see before.
And the reason we give
them meaning and purpose
is because we can tie
them back to our bodies,
to our observable
artifacts, and so on.
>>LISA: So how does this
all work in our life
when we go to the
fifth dimension?
What's available to us there?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Well, first
of all, any sacred geometry,
any geometric
shapes, whether it's
like on the cover of my book
or other beautiful mandalas
that you are attracted
to-- they imprint us
with what I would call
divine source codes.
Now, in 3D, we were
allowed to play in the mud.
In 5D, we're not interested
in getting muddy anymore.
So what 5D has to
offer is so much
more creativity in terms of
options and what's possible.
And even though we're leaving
behind the negative choice,
we're not leaving behind choice.
And a lot of people think,
well, if you're in heaven,
there's only one choice.
And that's not true.
It's like saying, what
color is the best color?
They're all good.
But some colors
look better on you.
Some colors look better on me.
And so in 5D, we
have the capacity
to have unconditional
love for our fellow man.
We have the capacity
to have an experience
and not perceive
it as bad or wrong.
For example, if your
best friend says to you--
you tell her about
some wonderful thing
that's happened.
And she says, must be nice, but
she's saying it to get a laugh.
You wouldn't be offended.
You'd laugh.
You'd have fun with it.
That's a 5D response.
But if you think
she's jealous of you
and she says that,
now you kind of, hmm.
See the difference?
>>LISA: You drop down into
the lower dimensional thinking
and so forth.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Not only
that, but when you ask about,
what does 5D have to offer?
And the idea is 5D--
you only see the good side.
>>LISA: Oh, it's
the highest self.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Exactly.
>>LISA: It is our higher self.
>>ST. GERMAIN: It
is our higher self.
And by the way, we're all
becoming fifth dimension.
It's not just for a few.
Some of us will
spontaneously go into it.
Some of us will learn and study.
Some of us will be so
attracted to the geometry
that our bodies will
just kind of align,
and we'll fall into it.
Sometimes people study,
and study, and study.
And then they have this big
aha, and everything shifts.
So there's a lot of ways
people shift into that.
>>LISA: Well, can
the merkaba help us
move into that fifth dimension?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Yes.
And I began a dialogue
with my higher self
when I activated my merkaba
that taught me a lot of what
we're about to say.
So first of all,
the merkaba creates
what I call the fifth
dimensional uniform.
So even if I'm not a queen, if
I can put on a queen costume,
you're going to treat
me like I'm a queen.
>>LISA: So you're acting as if?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Exactly.
And the thing about
the merkaba is
you don't know you're acting.
It's for you.
It's real, because
you're on the inside.
But everybody outside sees
that you're different.
They notice you're different.
And you're in a much better
place to hear your inner voice.
Because all that riff-raff
is kind of around you.
You remember that
scene in "The Matrix--"
the very first one where there's
bullets coming at Neo and he's
dodging them?
And you can see from the
expression on his face,
he's thinking, wow, I
didn't know I could do that.
That's kind of what happens
when you activate your merkaba.
You literally don't realize, oh,
I didn't know I could do that.
So you in hindsight--
hindsight gives you
that bigger perspective.
And a lot of times, we don't
know that we've been 5D.
And that's a big,
big, trippy thing.
And the first time I asked about
this, my guides were very clear
and said, well, Maureen, you
were in 5D when this happened.
And what had happened
is I had put something
down in a place that was
pretty obvious, maybe a drawer
and came back to get it.
Shortly thereafter, it was gone.
And it wasn't so long
ago that I'd forgotten.
And I was kind of bummed,
because I really needed it.
But then I found a substitute,
took care of whatever.
Came back in a
nice, yummy space,
opened the door to put
the-- it was there.
Right there.
And so I'm keeping this a
little secret in my own head,
but I'm teaching
classes every week.
And I'm kind of
wondering if people
are having the same experience.
And then one of
my sons came home.
And he was 16 at the time.
And he threw something
in his book bag,
and we went through
the same thing.
And he said, mom, let
me show you what it is.
And he goes back to his book
bag, and it's not there.
Now, I had seen him put it in.
So without even
thinking, because I
was in my own home in
a "safe environment,"
I said, oh, honey, it's
probably in the fifth dimension.
We'll just ask for
it to come back.
Now, come back in the kitchen
and finish your story.
So he did.
And when he went back,
it was right on top.
And he'd already
pulled everything out
and put everything back.
That's when I knew I
wasn't making it up.
And that's when I began to
teach the other students
and discovered oh, yeah,
it's happening to them.
>>LISA: So we are in and
out of the fifth dimension.
So it is essentially a state.
>>ST. GERMAIN: It's
a vibrational state.
Exactly.
>>LISA: And so, one, how
do we know we're in it?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Well, you
think everything is funny.
That's one of the ways you know.
>>LISA: Oh, that's good.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Something
somewhat tragic
for yourself happens.
And you can laugh about it.
And you're not at all
disturbed about it.
There are some very
tangible things.
For example, you can
be at a traffic light.
Maybe you're the third car back.
And you notice the light has
changed, but nobody is moving.
But you're not in a hurry.
It's not a big deal.
Nobody started to
cross the street.
The cars in front
haven't started moving.
And then all of a
sudden, like somebody
said, OK, then they go.
You were in 5D.
You're actually
observing the reality
before the 3Ders see it.
>>LISA: This happens when
you drive long distances,
and you don't know--
>>ST. GERMAIN: Oh, yeah.
>>LISA: --how you get there.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Another thing
is you can get in less time.
So you're compressing time.
You're just sliding
through, quote, "time."
And you arrive at
your destination
faster than you should have
under normal circumstances.
But one of those keys is
you don't wear a watch.
You don't listen to the radio
that's going to mark the time.
You just move into
that blissful place.
You put on your favorite music.
You keep changing it up.
And you're not paying
attention to time.
And then somebody says, how
did you get here so fast?
This happened to me in Egypt.
And the company owner said to
me, Maureen, nobody but you
and Gregg Braden has
ever pulled this off.
We've arrived at the
destination in three hours,
instead of the normal five.
And we went through checks--
checkpoints and everything to
get from point A to point B.
>>LISA: So you consciously
move into the fifth dimension
when you're in your world,
in your waking world.
>>ST. GERMAIN: I name it.
I purposefully name it.
So I announce when I go to bed
at night, I am waking up in 5D.
And so I set the stage.
So even when I wake
up, if I'm feeling--
I don't know-- gnarly
or I had a rough night--
within a few seconds, I'm
right there and in my game.
A lot of times, though, people
who are proactively doing
this-- what I do--
are still sliding into
5D and don't know it.
And one of the ways is the
5D merkaba meditation--
this multi-dimensional
merkaba that's in the book
and also available on the CD
is when my husband and I first
started doing it-- when he first
started doing it regularly,
he got funny.
He's a scientist.
He's rather dry.
And he's a sweet person, but
he started cracking jokes.
And I remember
thinking, what's--
how did-- where is
this coming from?
And as soon as I
asked the question,
the answer was, well,
that energy elevates you
to a place where you see the
synchronicities, the irony.
And it doesn't disturb
you like it used to.
>>LISA: And now, can you--
does that protect you
from negative energies?
Do negative energies
exist in 5D?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Yeah, that's
a very good question.
I've had that
question many times.
And I've meditated
about this a lot.
And I finally came
to the conclusion
that when you are
thinking about protection,
you're already sliding back
into 3D, because protection
implies danger.
So you don't want to use
the 5D for protection.
But in another
vantage point in 5D,
you don't need protection,
because you're always
where you need to be.
You're always doing what
you're supposed to do.
I was in New York City
the day before 9/11
and was told to
fly home that day,
instead of flying home on my
original plan of September 11.
And there's lots of other
examples that I've encountered
and my people have
encountered where
they realize in hindsight
that they knew what they
were supposed to do before.
>>LISA: Yes.
So hindsight is one
way of explaining it?
>>ST. GERMAIN:
Well, hindsight is
one way of knowing that
you were 5D, because you
have a point of perspective.
You get to the point where
you don't think about it.
And even thinking about it
can pull you back into 3D.
Because if you
start to think about
the polarity consciousness,
and good and bad,
and he done me wrong, and when
will this guy ever pay me back?
Or when will this
guy get his sentence?
Lots of things
that have happened.
And people want to make sure
that, quote, "that punishment"
happens.
And while I'm not opposed to
people being held accountable,
the thing is that
was the 3D game.
We're not changing the
rules of the 3D game,
because that wouldn't be fair.
We're changing up the game.
>>LISA: Completely.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Completely.
So it's a new game.
And the new game does not
require to keep score.
>>LISA: So if there's
no competition--
>>ST. GERMAIN: That's right.
There's no competition.
That's another way you know.
When you see somebody
that is doing what you're
doing or doing something
similar and related,
you want to help them.
And they want to help you.
>>LISA: So sports really
doesn't have a lot of 5D in it.
Or, can it?
Because you're also describing
it as if it's the zone.
You're in the zone,
it seems like.
>>ST. GERMAIN: And I
love sports analogies.
>>LISA: It's all
about connecting.
>>ST. GERMAIN: There's
another game that's widely
used all over the United States,
and it's played with a Frisbee,
and it's called Ultima.
And Ultima is like
a bowling league,
only you do it with Frisbee.
But the thing is, in Ultima,
if your opponent calls a foul
on you, you take it.
You're not allowed
to dispute it.
So if you decide
I've misbehaved,
touched you the wrong
way, I have to say OK.
And that's the
rules of the game.
And everybody-- because
you're acting as gentlemen,
there's a unwritten rule
that you don't call foul,
unless there's a real one.
Because you don't want to
have them do it to you.
And the fun thing is at the
end of the game, the opponent--
the losing team has
to make up a ditty
to sing to the winning team,
based upon whatever they
know of their name or whatever.
It's hilarious.
[LAUGHTER]
>>LISA: It sounds like fun.
>>ST. GERMAIN: It
is a lot of fun.
And it's played by
20 to 30-somethings.
And all my sons
play it, and that's
how come I know about it.
>>LISA: Oh, that's fun.
That's really fun.
>>ST. GERMAIN: And they
played on city-wide leagues--
>>LISA: So--
>>ST. GERMAIN: --like
you would bowling.
>>LISA: --you can
do anything in 5D.
You can work.
You can raise children.
You can have relationships.
It's just all higher
consciousness thinking, right?
>>ST. GERMAIN: That's right.
And here's the thing.
It's not the
abandonment of the mind.
The mind leads, but
the heart rules.
It's a dance, and
it's a marriage.
So you do your due diligence.
You look at what
all the options are,
and then you let
your heart decide.
Because sometimes
your heart is going
to tell you to do something
that's counter-intuitive
or counter to what the logic is.
But if you've done
all the logic,
you're not afraid
to take that leap.
>>LISA: Now, can you go
into 5D in a meditation,
and create what you want,
and bring it back into 3D?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Yes, very easily.
>>LISA: Say if, for
example, you are sick
and you want to have
that healthy body.
Can you bring it back into now?
Can you create the ideal
job you want and bring it
back into now?
A relationship?
Can you play?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Yes,
most certainly.
It's always good to have a
metaphor in that example.
So if, for example, you
want a new assistant,
because your current
assistant is leaving.
And you were happy
with her, but maybe you
had the "perfect
assistant" years ago.
And you would love to
have someone like that
as long as you get to replace.
So you could imagine
that a person just
like the darling is
now working for you.
And you're in that place of joy.
Well, that would make
you happy right away.
You would just be blissful.
And then you hold that
as long as you can,
maybe three seconds,
five seconds.
And then every time you
go by the empty desk,
you say, thank you, universe,
for my new assistant.
I'm so happy.
I'm so excited.
Your energy is
different, you see?
And the universe
goes, OK, we got it.
We got a pattern.
>>LISA: We got to
have assistants.
Maybe I could just do that and
maybe have someone help me.
Would that be possible?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
>>LISA: All right.
Let's take a look at
this wonderful image
that we have here,
where the light
is spinning around the body.
The merkaba is spinning
around the body.
What is this image?
>>ST. GERMAIN: OK.
Well, that's a slow motion
example of a spinning merkaba.
And it is step
one of phase four.
And what that means
is you're going
to spin these at equal
speed, so the spin is equal.
And what you're
seeing is this quality
of the star tetrahedrons
intersecting each other.
They all are on the same axis,
like the Earth axis is a stick.
So see that the pranic
tube is the center.
These things move around it.
And they represent
the physical body,
which is stationary, and
then the emotional body
and mental body.
And what we do is
create a relationship.
And that relationship is the
speed at which we evolve.
And that's that phi ratio that
I was talking about earlier.
So we create a relationship.
Now, they're not even
anymore, and they
have a little bit of a wobble.
So how are you going to
get rid of the wobble?
And the answer is the wobble--
you're taking the speed up to
the speed of which electrons
move inside an atom, which
is 9/10 the speed of light.
And that doesn't completely
get rid of the wobble,
but it's so small,
it's indiscernible.
And the way to
really understand it
is imagine a car with
a broken rear spring.
It would list as you drive it.
But the faster you go,
the less of a wobble
there is, because it
slides back to the center.
Because you're moving so
fast through the curve.
>>LISA: Is that why the
spinning merkaba is--
as you call it,
merkaba is the image
that we usually see of
the spinning merkaba?
Because here we have--
>>ST. GERMAIN: The
stationary ones.
Right.
>>LISA: Stationary.
Yeah.
And it's beautiful.
But it's usually on a
string and spins, right?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Right.
And you would have
three of those.
And you don't spin the top and
the bottom against each other.
You have three
full-star tetrahedrons--
one spinning left, one spinning
right, and one not moving.
>>LISA: Three separate ones?
>>ST. GERMAIN:
Three separate ones,
but they occupy the same space.
And that's where the image
that we showed earlier
is almost confusing, because
you're literally seeing
them going inside each other.
And the presumption is
that they can move around
each other without hitting
a wall, so to speak.
>>LISA: That's what
bending time looks like?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Mm-hmm.
It's one of the things
about bending time.
Yeah.
>>LISA: And what's another?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Well, unhooking.
We all have things
that lock us into what
I would call mass
consciousness-- the morning
coffee, the newspaper, or
the internet show we watch,
whatever.
That thing we have to do
first thing in the morning
before we go to work.
All those things, those
rituals that everybody does
locks us into the
mass consciousness.
Then we say, OK,
give me the download.
It's almost like you don't
even realize you're doing it.
So when we change
up those rituals,
when we change up the
timing of the more--
maybe we drink coffee
every other day,
or we drink coffee one day.
We skip a week, whatever it is.
What we do is we are
unhooking from what
you call the programming that's
coming in that's being beamed
at us, because it's like this.
Years ago, I used to get a
newspaper on my front door that
advertised cards and dating.
And I had to call
them to opt out.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>ST. GERMAIN: You see?
So we have to opt
out of that energy.
It's coming at us.
>>LISA: All the time.
>>ST. GERMAIN: It's presumed.
And we have to do something
about unhooking from it.
>>LISA: So that's
our responsibility.
>>ST. GERMAIN: That
is our responsibility.
>>LISA: Otherwise, the default
mechanism in the world is
to have conditional--
>>ST. GERMAIN: It is the default
that is presently occurring
on mass consciousness.
But we are both
hopeful, I think--
>>LISA: Well, I mean--
>>ST. GERMAIN: --for a change.
>>LISA: --it's everything.
It's marketing.
It's--
>>ST. GERMAIN: Exactly.
>>LISA: --everything.
>>ST. GERMAIN:
It's exactly right.
>>LISA: Anything that
there's conditioning
where someone is
trying to convince you
of their point of view,
you can easily just go
into the fifth
dimension and look at it
from a different perspective.
>>ST. GERMAIN:
Well, not only that,
but when you are holding
that energy for yourself
and you're in that
blissful state, you notice.
Wait a minute.
That part's not true.
And the thing is--
and this is one of the
very important things
that I tell people.
We don't have to
dismiss everything.
We don't have to throw the
baby out with the bathwater.
What we want to do
is have discernment.
Because the fastest way to
get people to buy something
is to tell them 1, 2,
3 things that are true,
one fib, and another truth.
And you buy the whole thing,
because, well, these three
things are true.
The rest of it must be true.
>>LISA: That's true.
[LAUGHTER]
>>ST. GERMAIN: We all do it.
>>LISA: Now, there is something
called the golden bowl
meditation.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Yes.
>>LISA: Where did
you discover this?
Where is it listed or
talked about in history?
>>ST. GERMAIN:
Well, first of all,
I have to tell you that I was
being given this information
for about seven years.
And I understood it clearly,
but I was never given authority
to release it to the masses.
>>LISA: Given this, being
through your guidance?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Yeah.
It's like it's awareness
of what's going on.
And it's just you have it
as a piece of information.
But it's not being
lowered to be available.
And it's from
Ecclesiastes 12:6 and 7.
And the exact words are
"Remember your creator,
now while you were young,
before the silver record of life
snaps and the golden
bowl is broken."
And it was written
by a man who was
discussing his lessons of
life and trying to give
some advice for the future.
And he was referring
to when you would die.
Well, now, we've all heard about
the silver cord, but hardly
anybody talks about
the golden bowl.
And all the traditional
interpretations
of the golden bowl
don't make a match.
Because once you understand that
the golden bowl is the sinuses
and that the air coming in the
body is the breath of life,
this energy that sits right
here and goes all the way
to the back.
So the guided meditation
is now available.
I highly recommend
that a person get it.
It's on my website.
It's very inexpensive, because
you can get it as a download.
And you want to listen
to the invocation
and the actual
meditation together.
And you want to do
that a number of times.
And maybe you'll do
just the meditation,
because it's only 12 minutes.
>>LISA: So this is a
specific meditation
that you teach people
to be able to bring
this breath into the
sinus cavities, which
are a biblical reference
of the breath of life.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Indeed.
>>LISA: And that attaches
you with the silver cord
to your body.
And so this is something
that can help you,
again, get to that fifth
dimensional thinking.
>>ST. GERMAIN:
Well, I send it out
as an opportunity for
people to explore as a beta.
But the first thing people
notice is their sinuses clear.
Even when your sinuses
aren't stuffed up,
they feel this opening, OK?
So it's a tangible shift.
What that does is
opens up the pineal.
And now, the pineal
has a platform
like a rocket to take off.
So then if you're doing it
on a regular basis, what
happens is your
capacity to receive
has increased dramatically.
>>LISA: So it's kind of
a clearing for that--
>>ST. GERMAIN: It
is a big clearing.
>>LISA: --to be received.
What about people who have
migraines and headaches?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Well, I've gotten
a lot of reports from people.
And they're telling me
their headaches are gone.
Their sinus problems are gone.
>>LISA: To do this
type of meditation.
And it starts off with the
bowl sound and then brings in--
and you have that breath
coming through and clearing
these areas.
>>ST. GERMAIN: I'm actually
announcing certain things
that you do.
And we are bringing
in the energy.
We're filling it in the heart.
Then we're sending it up the
body through the pranic tube.
And it's forming a torus field,
kind of like an apple shape.
So wherever it's at, it's making
a big torus around the body.
And then it comes
up to the throat,
clears that, makes
another big torus.
And so you keep building
all these toruses.
And then it goes to the
physical body, the mental body,
and the emotional body.
And it's clearing
all the effluvia
that we all have from life.
>>LISA: Effluvia?
[LAUGHTER]
>>ST. GERMAIN:
That's just the junk.
>>LISA: So this meditation
has helped you access this
various--
ideas in your life, various
manifestations in your life.
Can you share with those?
>>ST. GERMAIN:
Well, for me, it's
allowed the third
eye to be much more
active and available to me.
>>LISA: Oh, so you see
things in a different way.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Yes.
And a lot of people
are very mental.
They're very devoted
to their meditations
or their spiritual
practices, but they're not
getting any "visual,"
like some people do.
And those people are going
to get a huge benefit
from the visual improvement.
The people that
are very visual--
they're going to get a
big improvement in words.
>>LISA: Oh, interesting.
So it's going to change--
>>ST. GERMAIN: Brings
you to balance.
>>LISA: Change your leads.
I see.
So we have an
actual video here--
"Spirit Family."
And take a look at this video.
>> I have always been psychic.
I have always had a
knowing or an understanding
of what was going on.
How many people in
the corporate world
knew that you had an
interest in spiritual things,
and magic, and
that kind of stuff?
>> Maybe two.
[LAUGHTER]
>> And why did you choose
to never talk about it?
>> I hear.
I feel.
I see.
And there are times
when I sense something,
and I'm not always sure.
Should I express it or not?
>> When I walk into the room, it
actually feels like I'm walking
into mud.
And it's very heavy.
At the end of the day,
I'm totally exhausted.
What is that?
And how can I not be affected?
>> Because sometimes what
you're feeling is the energy
of something that
happened before.
>> And some people get called,
some people get tracked down,
or some people get
hit by lightning.
I had the lightning thing.
And it makes it come back, back.
And I truly believe that
everyone here is a healer.
Everyone is psychic.
And it's just a matter
of you being aware of it.
>>LISA: So this is a
great example of something
that you did that helped
you manifest something.
Did you see and
create all of this?
[LAUGHTER]
>>ST. GERMAIN: Yes.
>>LISA: Tell me that story.
>>ST. GERMAIN:
Well, the story is
that I had been doing television
shows in my early years
in my corporate world.
And I always got great feedback
that I was a great host,
and I did a good job on camera.
And so at a certain
point, I thought,
one of the next steps for
me might be a TV show.
So I put that into
manifestation.
Then one day a man showed up
at the Edgar Cayce Center,
looking for a specific
kind of person.
And he had singled
out a number of people
and kind of checked in on him.
And he ended up with me.
And we sat down, and he
interviewed me as a producer.
And we came up with a budget.
And then I just
floated that energy.
OK, we need this money for a
show to create what we want.
And the idea was that
we would create this,
that it would attract the
attention of somebody who
would want to take
it to the next level.
And the whole idea
of "Spirit Family"
is me with a number
of people who are
on the inside in various ways--
an angel lady, or a
psychic, or a medium,
whatever, and then having the
audience ask the questions.
>>LISA: And you did this.
And you put this all together.
So this is a perfect example of
how to manifest your desires.
And you say you
put it out there,
or you put it into
the fifth dimension.
And you're able to create with
the assistance of any guidance
that's available to us.
>>ST. GERMAIN: That's right.
Well, one of the things
that I figured out--
and there's a book that I
wrote called "Be a Genie."
And it describes
the sacred geometry
in a much bigger detail.
And then how does
that sacred geometry
dovetail with manifestation?
So in the book, I described
the steps of manifestation.
And one of them is you're
looking at a timeline.
And that timeline
is where you are now
and where you want to be.
And then you go beyond that.
I call it the "after event."
And the best example I know
of that people can relate to
is a woman or a man who wants
to be partnered or married
to their beloved.
They haven't found
the right match yet.
So what you would do is you
would visualize yourself
not at the wedding,
not moving in together.
But you would visualize yourself
celebrating an anniversary
of a year or five years.
You don't even have to name
what anniversary it is.
And what do people do when
they celebrate an anniversary?
They go out to dinner,
and they make a toast.
Even if it's just
with pop or something,
they make that toast.
And then they say
something sweet
like, I am so happy that we met.
And I'm so grateful that
I'm with my perfect partner.
And then you hear what
the person would say.
Depending on your
gender preference,
you know what gender it is.
And you don't have
to know who it is.
In fact, it's better if you
don't fixate on a person.
Instead, you fixate
on these qualities.
And what happens is you know
in a mind movie, so to speak,
where you are sharing your love
and appreciation for the other,
and they are sharing it for you.
Now, what happens is when you
pretend that someone is telling
you how wonderful you
are, and how happy they
are, that they know
you, and that you're
their special someone--
>>LISA: And you feel good.
>>ST. GERMAIN:
--sometimes you cry.
And so that energy
is real powerful.
And then what you
do is you say, OK,
that's your movie of the mind.
Now, you let that percolate.
And you run that movie
as much as you want.
And what happens sometimes
is the movie itself--
the script changes.
So even though I've
scripted that my beloved is
going to say one thing,
I'll hear him say another.
That's when you know
the universe has got it.
And they're working on it.
And it's already out there.
And all you do is show up.
And then this is the part.
Showing up is very important.
So when you get a message--
you need to go to
the bar tonight.
Oh, I'm too tired.
I don't want to go.
>>LISA: A bar?
We can't think of
a better place?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Exactly.
A bar?
Come on.
Go.
So OK, fine.
So you go.
You ordered a cup of
coffee, because you're not
going to drink, whatever it is.
And you meet the person that
you're supposed to meet.
And you wouldn't
have done it if you
hadn't followed the guidance.
Sometimes if you're
trying to heal something,
you get hooked up
with a healer that
will help you find your
way to perfect health.
So it doesn't mean
the universe is
going to take care
of all the details.
What it means is the universe
is going to give you the fastest
way to the outcome you want.
Because you didn't say, I
want to go to that castle
where I'm going to
get what I want.
I'm going beyond the castle.
I'm looking backwards.
And what I do with
the sacred geometry
is I show how the math adds up.
And when you see that the math
adds up, you no longer doubt.
Because the biggest reason
people don't manifest
isn't because they don't try
or because they don't know how.
It's because they
do a big takeaway.
So can you imagine if
we're at a restaurant?
I order something.
And then I see the next--
oh, call the waiter back.
I want what he's getting.
>>LISA: I want that instead.
Yes.
>>ST. GERMAIN: And
we keep changing it.
Pretty soon you just let us know
when you've made up your mind.
And the energy has
dissipated, whereas if you say
focus on the thing you want.
Now, sometimes people
say, well, what
if the person I was engaged
to doesn't work out?
And we've all heard
stories about somebody
who was engaged to one person.
You meet them on the street.
Oh, yeah.
How did that work out?
Well, actually, we broke up.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
No, it's OK.
I met somebody else.
We're married.
Blah, blah, blah.
And you think, how
did they pull--
>>LISA: So--
>>ST. GERMAIN: --that off?
>>LISA: --it worked out.
Yes.
>>ST. GERMAIN:
Because they didn't
stay in judgment or anger.
And the judgment or
anger seeds the universe
with what we don't want.
>>LISA: So I wanted to ask you.
You worked on the board at
the Edgar Casey Foundation.
You mentioned that
real quickly there.
What did you do there?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Well,
I was on their board
initially to help
them, as I had been
a certified
non-profit executive.
So I had a lot of
experience and training
in working with non-profits.
And they wanted someone
who was well-known who
could work with them.
And then there was a time
when I served briefly
as their treasurer when
they were between people.
And I was very clear with them.
Even though I could
do that job, I
wasn't interested in that job.
And I was only like a
pick-up to help hold that.
So it was mostly just to
help that organization.
>>LISA: But did
you love his work--
Edgar Cayce?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Oh, yes.
I was a member of
the Search for God
study group when
I was in my 20s.
And I had read his
book when I was still
at home, the book on his life.
>>LISA: When you
were raising babies.
>>ST. GERMAIN: And when
I was raising babies.
Of course, that
was very important.
Yeah.
This was one of the things I
could do when you're a mom.
>>LISA: Study.
He worked in the
fifth dimension a lot.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Yes, he did.
And he's another
example of someone
who experienced something
that he couldn't explain.
And it was only when he
would come back and listen
to the transcripts or read
the transcripts that he
would begin to
understand, because he
was a devout Christian.
He didn't even believe
in reincarnation.
But he came to believe
in it, because he
was being told stories
about who he was in Egypt.
>>LISA: These channelings.
And then he would record
them, and we'd hear them back.
>>ST. GERMAIN: And he
had a wonderful secretary
who was recording everything.
>>LISA: Yes, a phenomenal
person and transitioned out.
But now, do you have
guides you work with?
And how do you get all of
this information, Maureen?
>>ST. GERMAIN: I do have guides.
I was given a permanent
guide a number of years ago
that is like on my right
shoulder, always helping me,
always keeping me aware.
I think because I have such a
strong connection to the higher
self, I have a
direct connection.
A lot of the information
I get is a knowing.
And then later, I
can see other people
are saying the same thing.
So my inner circle
knows, but I haven't
been comfortable taking
it out as a knowing.
There are other guides
that work through me.
One time when I was teaching
a manifestation course,
and I was teaching people about
time and how it's a construct,
and I sat down to give
a channeled message.
And out of my mouth
came the words,
we are the lords of time.
And even I had never heard of
them, so it's very interesting.
>>LISA: How do you teach us
to connect with our guides?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Well,
the fastest way
is to develop a higher
self connection.
And the higher self connection--
I developed a protocol.
But I will say I went to
my higher self and said,
give me a protocol.
>>LISA: And then it came back.
>>ST. GERMAIN: So I can't
even take credit for that, OK?
And the protocol is very simple.
There's seven parts to it.
And what you do is
choose a time frame.
And the time frame
is six weeks or more.
So you pick a date six
weeks into the future.
And you agree with
your guidance that you
are going to do this
protocol for six weeks.
Then you follow a
simple set of rules.
Number one, you only
ask yes/no questions.
You only ask about
unimportant things
that you're willing
to do either way.
You don't keep asking the
same question over and over.
If you've asked
twice, you're done.
>>LISA: Wait.
Unimportant things you're
willing to do either way?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Right.
Like you're looking
at a plate of cookies.
You'd like to have a
cookie, but maybe you
can live without the cookie.
Higher self, is it my highest,
best good to have a cookie?
OK?
Or it could be the
clothes you wear.
One time a woman
came to class dressed
in a very strange combination
of jewelry and clothing.
And she noticed that look
women give each other when
they're looking at each other.
Well, I like that
outfit, kind of thing.
And she shook her fingers.
Don't even ask.
My higher self dressed me today.
[LAUGHTER]
So that's the
willingness part, OK?
Now, there was a woman
who came to a class
recently who said that she
asked her higher self if she
should have meat at breakfast.
And she says I'm a vegan.
Why would my higher
self tell me yes?
And I said, because
your higher self
was trying to show
you that you're not
practicing the protocol.
And she said, but I
know my higher self
wouldn't tell me to eat meat.
And I said, the protocol
is you have to be willing.
And since you asked,
you have to follow.
So it's a way to notice that
you're not-- you're only
asking "loaded questions."
That doesn't count.
That's not a true
protocol, you see?
>>LISA: You have to be willing
to listen to the higher self.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Not
only listen, but to be
responsive to the instruction.
So in other words, if you get
told to wear the red dress
and you were thinking
you should wear a blue,
you want to follow that.
>>LISA: Right.
>>ST. GERMAIN: And if it's
really important to you,
and you're going to
be on a set, and you
know red doesn't look good, then
what you do is you don't ask.
You just make that decision.
So the idea is that you
spend six weeks doing this.
And this protocol
amps up your ability
to recognize the voice
or the inner answer
from the higher self.
Now, the inner answer
can be anything.
I take people
through a meditation.
And it could be
your ear itching.
It could be a feeling
in your stomach.
It could be a color
or a shape you see.
Everybody's different.
And some people get stuck.
And then we teach them
what I call a workaround.
So there's ways to
develop the yes/no signal.
And that's primary.
Then you practice with the
yes/no signal for six weeks.
And what that does
is give you history.
Because how do we
make decisions?
We make decisions by
looking at history.
We look on the internet.
We're going to buy a car.
We look at the car--
>>LISA: Prices.
>>ST. GERMAIN: --reports.
We look at what our
friends tell us.
We may even go for test drives.
We got all this history.
So we develop a
history that shows us
that our higher self was
giving us good information.
Higher self tells you,
make that phone call now.
Well, I'm busy.
I want to go home.
No, make the call now.
So you do, and you get through.
And three previous
times you didn't.
You ask your higher self.
Do I go to this restaurant?
No, this restaurant.
Yes.
So you go to that restaurant
and you meet up with a friend.
So what happens is over
the six weeks of "play--"
and it is supposed to be played.
It's supposed to be fun.
What happens is you get all
kinds of subjective reference
points that allows you
to know that your higher
self is accurate.
And what's the difference
between trusting your higher
self and knowing
your higher self?
Well, I trust that we're going
to show up and meet today.
But I know the sun is
going to come up tomorrow.
>>LISA: I understand
the difference.
So this is working with it
and getting familiar enough
with your higher
self yeses and nos,
so that when it's really
important, like you say,
do I have this illness?
Or should I stop
without a stoplight?
Where you really
are feeling that,
you start to listen
for the clearer signs.
Just like anything, you
get used to it, right?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Yes.
And the idea is
that if you spend
six weeks on a focused protocol,
just like an immersion,
if you went into a
language course, right?
You went and lived in
Mexico for six weeks.
You would come out of that
with absolute certainty
of the voice of
the higher self, so
that even in a
difficult situation,
you could stay with it and do
what your higher self says.
And sometimes it's bizarre.
I was driving down
the freeway one
time between two major cities,
headed home after a workshop.
And a semi went past me.
And I was told to
get behind the semi.
And when the semi took the
turn I was taking, I took it.
And then the semi landed--
started driving on the berm.
And I asked again.
Higher self, am I supposed
to stay with that truck?
Yes, do it now.
And another car
came the other way,
going the wrong way
on that interchange.
I would not have been able
to avoid that accident.
But because I was so
close to the truck,
the truck driver's
eyes were my eyes.
>>LISA: And you listened.
>>ST. GERMAIN: And I listened.
But to me, it's not an option.
I made a commitment to
always follow my higher self.
>>LISA: I'm curious.
You as a mom, do you
teach your sons this?
Do they listen to you?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Well, it's
interesting that you say that.
They do listen quite a bit.
And then, of course, there
was that rejection stage
that we went through.
>>LISA: That's normal.
>>ST. GERMAIN:
That's normal, right?
That's the normal thing.
And when one of my boys was
little, he had only one kidney.
And I was trying to teach him
to make a decision on what
he should have to drink.
And there were lots of
choices in the refrigerator.
And he came back.
And he said, mom, my higher
self said no to everything.
And I said, well, did
you ask about water?
And he said no.
So then he asked.
And of course, he got water.
But he was one who had to be
careful what he was drinking.
And I was trying to help
him to take responsibility.
>>LISA: So you used this
to help raise your family.
>>ST. GERMAIN: I did.
And I had children before
everybody had cell phones.
So when they were at home,
I would ask my higher self,
are they going to
be home on time?
No.
Are they OK?
Yes.
Do I need to be concerned?
No.
Can I go to bed?
Yes.
And then I put a
note on the pillow.
Wake me up when you come in.
What parent would let
themselves go to bed?
>>LISA: Yes, I know.
I understand that.
Yeah.
So you've used this your whole
life and just teach people
to work with it, so that
they become familiar
with their own higher
self, which I really
love that you
empower other people,
rather than just
having people come
to you for all the information.
I appreciate that.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Thank you.
I feel very strongly about that.
And even when people come to
me with important decisions,
if I know they have a good
connection with their higher
self, I will say to
them, you ask first.
And I will share
with you what I get.
And I will share with you
as soon as you tell me,
but I'm your confirmation.
I'm not your teller.
[LAUGHTER]
>>LISA: You're confirmation.
Well, you can also get
confirmation in life.
When you listen
to the higher self
and you get a confirmation,
you do it again.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Well, that's
what the six weeks is all about.
Because once you have
a history of your own
that your higher self is
always right, you don't want--
I always joke around and
say after your six weeks,
you don't have to
follow your higher self.
If your higher self tells you
something, you can ignore it,
but you only do it once.
Because that one time
will be so obvious to you,
you'll go, no point with this.
I'm definitely going to
follow my higher self.
One time I was giving a lecture
and was told by my higher self.
No, you haven't been
following your higher self.
I go, what?
And they reminded me
of a relationship.
>>LISA: What if you
get so far off track?
How do you get back onto track?
>>ST. GERMAIN: I think the
practice is all that matters.
So if you find
yourself off track,
just take another six
weeks and do the protocol.
And then you know again.
And the protocol will
come back really fast.
>>LISA: What if you get
answers you don't want to hear?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Well,
that's happened to me.
I'm married to my husband.
I didn't want to marry him.
[LAUGHTER]
He was a West Coast guy.
I want to be on the East Coast.
>>LISA: Well, what if
it's the other way around?
What if you're married and
your higher self says no, this
isn't appropriate?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Well, you
don't ask that question,
unless you're willing
to take that step.
>>LISA: Don't ask the
questions you don't
want to hear the answers to?
>>ST. GERMAIN: No.
Don't ask a question you're
not willing to act on.
Because sometimes you do
want to ask the question.
You want to know the answer, but
are you willing to act on it?
That's the thing.
And that's what I tell people.
Don't ask the second
last question.
Ask the last question.
And what that means is you don't
ask, is it going to rain today?
You ask, is it in my highest and
best good to take an umbrella?
So that's the last question.
So when you ask, is
it my highest, best
good to leave my husband?
That's not-- that is
the last question.
If you want to ask, am
I good with this person?
Is it good for me to leave him?
Well, it might be.
I also don't like the
phraseology, should I?
Because there's a lot
of things we should do.
And your higher self doesn't
really care about "should."
So I always insist that
you use this protocol.
Is it in my highest and
best good at this time?
>>LISA: That's the
question to ask?
>>ST. GERMAIN: That's
the question to ask.
>>LISA: And this will get
you from third dimension
to fifth dimension.
And you live pretty much in
the fifth dimension, right?
>>ST. GERMAIN: I do.
>>LISA: But when
you fly and when
you have to do things that
are grounded in the world,
you're still in the
fifth dimension?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Yes.
And I am very fortunate,
because I have people
who show up that track me.
For example, a couple of
days ago, I was in a airport.
I'd come all the
way back from China.
And I had one more flight, but
it was a four-hour layover.
So I was busy in the
room with my computer.
And I'm texting
with my book agent.
And she says, don't you have
to get on a plane right now?
Oh, no.
I've got plenty of time.
Well, maybe I better check.
I ran and caught--
I was the last one on the plane.
>>LISA: So you have set it up.
>>ST. GERMAIN: So
what happens is
you're so plugged
in, that even if you
in your own consciousness
miss the mark,
there's somebody
out there going,
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
>>LISA: Exactly.
Yes.
>>ST. GERMAIN: So you
attract that, you see?
You don't have to
know everything.
>>LISA: You do.
>>ST. GERMAIN: You don't
have to remember everything.
What you have to do is be
so centered and plugged
in that what you need
comes to you, rather than--
it's like the tractor, right?
The tractor beam-- you want
it to come to you, rather
than you trying to make it
happen and work so hard.
>>LISA: That's a great point.
So you just attract
it, so that it happens.
And you stay in the fifth
dimension to do that.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Yeah, you can.
>>LISA: And life flows
really effortlessly.
>>ST. GERMAIN: It does.
>>LISA: I love it.
I have to ask you, because
I ask a lot of my guests
this question-- what
is your biggest why?
Your biggest reason
why you do what you do?
>>ST. GERMAIN: What I have in
my world is my biggest "what."
So I don't ask why,
because "why" is very 3D.
It chooses to evaluate.
So I like the "what" question,
which is, what's going on?
And if everyone were
to train themself
to ask that question, when
something happens that they
don't understand that defies
the norm, whatever that norm is,
they'll start learning a lot.
They'll start
learning what I know.
>>LISA: What's going on?
>>ST. GERMAIN: What's going on?
>>LISA: What kind of
answers would you get?
>>ST. GERMAIN:
Well, the first time
that something happened
that I didn't understand
about my missing "stuff,"
instead of saying,
where did it go?
Like I used to, I asked the
question, what's going on?
And I was told, Maureen, you
were in a higher dimension
when you put it down.
>>LISA: Oh.
Now, does it go beyond the
fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth,
ninth?
>>ST. GERMAIN: Yeah, it does.
>>LISA: In your experience,
what did you see?
>>ST. GERMAIN: My
experience is that we have
activity all the way to 12th.
And when I asked about
13th, I was told--
I asked, well, is
there anybody in 13?
Because it's like
a template, almost.
And I was told, well,
the construction crew
is there, which I
thought was hilarious.
>>LISA: They're
still working on it.
And are there certain
dimensions where there is magic
or things can
manifest themselves?
>>ST. GERMAIN: One of the
things I like to point people to
is six is where we
have a lot of dreams.
So when we have dreams
that are pretty magical,
that's sixth dimension.
Also, when we're in meditation,
let's say we go with a friend
and somebody else is
leading the meditation,
and we've "nodded off."
And then we are
awake when it's over.
And your friends
poke and you say--
and I can't believe
you fell asleep.
You didn't fall asleep.
What has happened
is the body has
shut down all of the
external, extra stuff,
so that you could
go really high.
And the way you know that
you didn't fall asleep,
but that you were on--
there's a word for it.
But you're like pause.
So everything is
on low power mode,
I guess, is you wake up
exactly when it ends.
And I'll make the joke that
there is the internal engineer
that's saying she's going deep.
Everybody go for coffee.
We'll let you know when she's
coming back and when it's over.
And so you do.
And so the eighth and
beyond-- we don't remember.
We don't have the details.
So you can bring
back the information,
but you don't know what
you've brought back,
until you start to unpack it.
And that comes with more
meditation and opportunity.
>>LISA: So we're actually
hearing all of it.
Even in our dream state,
we're absorbing it all.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Even
when you nod off,
if you wake up at the end of
a meditation, any meditation.
Because think about it.
When we watch the movies late
at night and we fall asleep,
something has to wake it up.
Honey, honey, it's over.
Time to go to bed.
So it's not the same.
>>LISA: Right.
Right.
But we do not necessarily
recall everything
that we absorb in
our dream state
in all these other
dimensional travels,
because it wouldn't necessarily
help us in this dimension,
right?
>>ST. GERMAIN: No, it always
helps us in this dimension,
but we don't always
understand it.
>>LISA: Even a dream
that you come back
with-- it's confusing.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Right.
Right.
So the information is there.
And sometimes we're
getting it as a--
I'll use the word packet.
And it isn't understandable
till we run it through code
or whatever.
So it comes in.
And our own consciousness has to
work with it and filter it out.
>>LISA: Sort it.
Wonderful.
Well, thank you so
much for teaching us
about our highest
self and how to access
that on a regular basis.
>>ST. GERMAIN: My pleasure.
>>LISA: I appreciate that.
>>ST. GERMAIN: Always amazing
to spend time with you, Lisa.
Thank you.
>>LISA: Thank you so much.
And thank you so much for
being a part of this show.
If you'd like to watch more
inspirational programming,
you can check out "Inspirations"
on Gaia I am Lisa Garr.
And until next time, I
invite you to stay aware.
[MUSIC PLAYING]